src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:9:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:41:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:60:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'peRatio' (lines '77'-'79').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AbstractStock.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:13:	Private field 'tradeType' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'stockQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/BuyTrade.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:12:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:14:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:26:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:26:	Parameter 'lastDividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:26:	Parameter 'parValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:26:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:57:	Parameter 'stockPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dividendYield' (lines '60'-'62').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/CommonStock.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Constant.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Constant.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Currency.java:6:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStock.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStockFactory.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStockFactory.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/IStockFactory.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/ITrade.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:14:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'currency'.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:14:	Perhaps 'currency' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:22:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:27:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:27:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:27:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Money.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:10:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:13:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:14:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:15:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	Parameter 'fixedDividendPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	Parameter 'lastDividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	Parameter 'parValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:44:	Parameter 'fixedDividendPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:66:	Local variable 'dividendPerShare' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dividendYield' (lines '67'-'69').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/PreferredStock.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:13:	Private field 'tradeType' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'stockQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:15:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/SellTrade.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'lastDividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'parValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'stockType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:15:	Parameter 'fixedDividendPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newStock' (lines '16'-'18').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newStock' (lines '16'-'21').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newStock' (lines '18'-'21').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockFactory.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:13:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:15:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:24:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:24:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/StockSymbol.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:15:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:16:	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:17:	Private field 'stockSymbol' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:18:	Private field 'stockQuantity' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:20:	Private field 'price' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:27:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:27:	Parameter 'stockQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:27:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/Trade.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'indicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'noOfshares' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:14:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trade' (lines '15'-'17').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trade' (lines '15'-'20').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:17:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trade' (lines '17'-'20').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TradeFactory.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CalculationException.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CalculationException.java:10:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CalculationException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CreateStockException.java:10:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CreateStockException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CreateTradeException.java:11:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/CreateTradeException.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:3:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:6:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:10:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:21:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/ErrorCodes.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/IErrorCode.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/IErrorCode.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:8:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:9:	Private field 'errorCode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/MainException.java:15:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/StockRegisterException.java:10:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/StockRegisterException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/StockServiceException.java:10:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/exception/StockServiceException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.logging.Level'
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOGGER'.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:42:	Field register has the same name as a method
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:42:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:43:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:43:	Private field 'trades' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:60:	Parameter 'lastDividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:60:	Parameter 'parValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:60:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:60:	Parameter 'stockType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:61:	Parameter 'fixedDividendPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:67:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stock' (lines '67'-'74').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:70:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:81:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:82:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:87:	Parameter 'stockPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:87:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:90:	Local variable 'stock' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:94:	Parameter 'stockPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:94:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:97:	Local variable 'stock' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:101:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:111:	Parameter 'indicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:111:	Parameter 'noOfshares' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:111:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:111:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:114:	Local variable 'trade' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:118:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:131:	Parameter 'minutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:131:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:133:	Local variable 'filteredList' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:134:	Local variable 'stockPrice' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:135:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'stockPrice'
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:138:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'trade' (lines '138'-'145').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:138:	Parameter 'filteredList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stockPrice' (lines '139'-'152').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalTradePrice' (lines '142'-'145').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalTradePrice' (lines '142'-'155').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:143:	Local variable 'trade' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:157:	Parameter 'minutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:157:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filteredTrades' (lines '158'-'162').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filteredTrades' (lines '158'-'165').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:167:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:171:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'stockSymbol' (lines '171'-'177').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allShareIndex' (lines '172'-'184').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:175:	Local variable 'stockPrices' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:176:	Local variable 'stockSymbol' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:177:	Local variable 'stockPrice' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:183:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:183:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:189:	Parameter 'stockPrices' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:190:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:190:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'n'.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'n' (lines '190'-'197').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:190:	Local variable 'n' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'product' (lines '191'-'193').
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:195:	Local variable 'geometricMean' could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockRegister.java:196:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'geometricMean'
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.jpmorgan.interview.stockmarket.exception.ErrorCodes'
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:16:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:57:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:59:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:73:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:75:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:90:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:92:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:94:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockService.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'lastDividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'parValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'stockType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fixedDividendPercentage
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:25:	Parameter 'fixedDividendPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:30:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:35:	Parameter 'stockPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:35:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:39:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:41:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:46:	Parameter 'stockPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:46:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:50:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:52:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:57:	Parameter 'indicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:57:	Parameter 'noOfshares' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:57:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:57:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:61:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:66:	Parameter 'minutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:66:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:70:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockServiceImpl.java:79:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:10:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:10:	Private field 'stockSymbols' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:12:	Parameter 'stockSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/service/StockSymbols.java:13:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:12:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:15:	Document empty method body
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:20:	Document empty method body
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/AllTests.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.fail'
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.jpmorgan.interview.stockmarket.exception.CalculationException'
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:51:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:63:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:151:	Document empty method body
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestCommonStockDividendYield.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.fail'
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.jpmorgan.interview.stockmarket.exception.CalculationException'
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:51:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:63:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:88:	Document empty method body
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestPreferredStockDividendYield.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:30:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:31:	The String literal "ASI5" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:43:	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:48:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:49:	The String literal "ATI5" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestShareIndex.java:52:	The String literal "ATI6" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:29:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:41:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockPriceEarningRatio.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:79:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockRegistration.java:89:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:72:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:80:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestStockTrade.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:16:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:25:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:26:	The String literal "STI4" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:28:	The String literal "STI5" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:43:	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:48:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/com/jpmorgan/interview/stockmarket/TestVolumeWeightedStockPrice.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
